Hey, Brandon. Hey, man. Thanks for taking the time to jump on the call and uh say hi. How are you doing? Oh, I'm great, Kyle. How are you doing? Uh brother, I am blessed. Uh we've got a lot of things going on with it. It's BMX right now. Um but more pertinent to our goals and conversation is an update on where we're at from a Warwick Township Litz pump perspective. And dude, I want to talk about Coleman Bike Park. How freaking cool is that place? Oh man, that was a treat. That turned out awesome. It was great to have all kind of creative control over all that. We got so lucky, especially with Dylan being able to come out and and assist me with that. So, yeah. Yeah. And, you know, such a high quality thing. It It is. I was reflecting on this earlier and I I realized that I haven't done anything like that on a BMX bike since about 1993. That's awesome. Yeah. So, so thank you for that. Right. I used to be a trail rider, etc. But um you know that's really kind of my first introduction into what is not necessarily a pump track per se, but into that atmosphere and kind of back in that single track uh groove for lack of a better word. Oh yeah, that has that pump track has a classic feel. It's so good. Very unique from other pump tracks. Most of them are kind of single lane BMX things, but this one has a very individual flow. Just good feeling all around. Very unique. It does. And I I guess we talked about how cool it is, but I kind of have some questions because of what we're trying to do over here in Warwick Township. Um, and I was hoping you you wouldn't mind taking a few minutes to to address some of those. Oh, yeah. Cool. Well, so can you share a little bit more about the building process from Coleman Bike Park? Like how did the concept get started? How did you I'm assuming uh you approached Coleman Park Board, they approached you. How did all of that work? Can you tell me a little bit about the back end? Um well, we had a great template to start. Pullman Memorial Park pump tracks has been kind of gaining traction for the past few years and I really think that was the key to all of this to just kind of jump in and and say, "Hey, let's do this. It would have been very hard in Lebanon." Um, and then we had Dave Funk who is a cyclist himself. There is a two-mile uh mountain bike ring around Coleman Park. Highly recommend it. It's just such a great Yeah, it's a hidden hidden gem, man. And it's a Is that Funkin Suns? Is that anything to do with Funkinsons? That's Arthur Funkinsons. A lot of construction around Lancaster Lebanon area. Yeah, I know that name. Yeah. Yeah. So, he's a he's a mountain biker. Oh, and he he is on the board of Coleman Park and one day he was riding by on the loop which goes right next to the pump track and we had a chance to meet and that's where it all started. So, it was just kind of getting the right people in the right place at the right time. That is faking awesome. I had no idea. I'm going to have to I have a whole new image in my head of of Arthur Funk and Sons uh moving forward, I think. Yeah, they're amazing. They they donate him and his wife Lori donated most of the money to that through personal and their their organizations. And um I think we're going to be doing some more work with Arthur Funk and Suns to get some more things built around the area. So stay tuned for all that. And they're working on some media for the Coleman Park pump track which will be coming out any any day now. So hopefully this week and we'll all get a lot more information about their their side of the project and how they participated. So I'm anxious to see that. I am too. For them and and I can't wait to to see all this happen. That's way cool. Way cool. All right. Well, yeah, I I look forward to I'm assuming you'll share it and I'll probably end up reposting it. Uh but yeah, looking forward, but I I know that I think last time we talked you had mentioned that there had been some years of back and forth with the municipality. Um, I don't remember if that's county or if that's if that's uh how that works, but I thought you had mentioned there was some some back and forth there. I if there was, can you explain a little bit about that? How like that timeline? Oh, for for years we were, you know, advocating the the asphalt pump track and we just weren't advocating to the right person. Sometimes it just comes down to knowing the right person, talking to the right person, asking the right question and and that was really the issue. We were just unheard by the the not necessarily the wrong people, but not the right people. Sure. Okay. Good way to put it. That makes total sense. And uh honestly, that sounds like a very reasonable and responsible way of looking at that. Yeah. And we have a unique situation in Coleman Memorial Park. Um the actual land that the pump track and the dog park is on isn't technically a part of Coleman Memorial Park. It's it's the city and the city's responsible for there's some weird communication issues, some liability issues, and some insurance issues going on there that just kind of make things complicated. just extra communications for for no reason. But this pump track really is helping that situation because everybody together involved and we all talked as a as a group. Yeah. And tried to get just more responsibility. I mean, the city does the best they can to get up there and take care of it and take care of the bathrooms, but it's just it just doesn't make sense sometimes. And we're working on that. I love it. It's uh it's awesome. I I can tell you it is it is so much fun to ride and it's something I I kind of laugh and cry all at the same time a little bit about kind of a situation that I I found out about with regards to pump tracks recently. Um, so I I'm not sure if you saw, but uh Sugare posted about a pump track that was quote unquote unridable. Oh, which one was that? Uh, it's Livermore, California. Oo, who did that one? I don't know, but it's all concrete and apparently it's very steep. So, it's just there was video and after video after video of people just slamming their heads into the concrete at this thing, just trying to make, you know, trying to go through a turn. So, it's uh I it's you should check that out. It was But the timing was interesting because I had just uh you know, we're coming off of Coleman and I had to go home recently back to California and it was like like a day before I went home. I saw it on Sugar Cane and my mom texted me. She said, "Hey, Livermore got a pump track." I said, "I already know about it. It's being laughed at in New York right now." Hey, Al's on it. Yeah, man. He's awesome. And uh um so so when I got there, I there's a Pleasanton Weekly or Pleasanton Patch or something like that local newspaper that they have, and it they were all sitting there. There's a huge article of people patting themselves on the back about, you know, this this wonderful pump track and I'm like, "Okay, I got I know nothing about it, but I could tell you this. It's already getting clowned on." Like, and I felt bad because it sucks, right? Because I, you know, I grew up in Pleasanton and Livermore is where, you know, between Pleasanton and Livermore is where I spent a lot of my time. And so to see Livermore get trashed that bad, it was I mean, the timing was interesting, but it was just it kind of sucked. But I don't know. Yeah, it does. The the concrete pump tracks. I've visited a lot of them and they all have that issue. I really think they're designed for skateboards rather than bikes. Yeah. And I most of them are skateboarders that build that concrete. Yeah. And that's what concerns me is that we're not building a skate park here. At least my goal is not the skate park. It's a pump track. Um or or something like a bike park like is in Lebanon would be awesome, too. like it's something like that. And after writing Coleman, I am sold on the asphalt aspect of it. Um, that's the way to go. Yeah, it really is. And I really, if I have if I, you know, I might get shushed away from the city, etc., etc., from this project. Who knows? Um, but if I'm not, I'm going to make darn sure I can impress upon people, hey, we don't go to a cement company for this cuz, okay, now we have Liverour and then does anybody remember Lancaster skate park, you know, not too long ago. Well, I guess 20 years ago or whatever it was now, but the big pool pipe one. Yeah, that fiasco with Tony Hawk, right? That's a disaster. Yeah. So, I don't want this project to turn into a laughing stock like those have. Um, and and and unfortunately, Livermore is hits home and um is close at heart. So, I I feel that for you, brother, you got a connection to some of the best asphalt builders you can find on this planet. I love it. I love it. And and I know that my family is big in the concrete business. Um, so for that I I I apologize, but concrete is not the way to go. Um, Conco, love you, but can't. I like the concrete. If they get it right, it's great. The The only problem with it is it's more expensive. It's more labor intensive, and it needs maintenance. The maintenance is a lot more expensive. Got it. Got it. Now, the asphalt, the asphalt is great. I think the the biggest concern I have is getting used to um is I'm a knobbyby guy, right? I all every single one of my bikes except for that Huffy I just showed you, they all have knobbyby tires, right? So I am still terrified about these slicks. Uh and I don't know why. I know it's probably stupid and I'm wearing a helmet, etc., etc., But, uh, I I'm terrified to destroy my shoulder than it already is. So, um, that the fear is I I got to work through that fear and figure out how to get through that. Oh, that's that's completely normal. I think most people most people are used to the dirt turns or, you know, just being on dirt and sliding, but you're not used to having this grip. Yeah. But yeah, you don't need the knobbies on the asphalt. Nice street tire will get you good. Yeah. And you know, um, I was really torn. So, um, I I think I sent you an image and you and I had last talked about, uh, me going when I left the park going going directly to Green Mountain and buying that We the People swamp master. Oh, nice. Yeah. Well, no, we talked about it, right? And you had me convinced, dude. I was I was like on my way. I was going, right? And I'm just doing it. I don't care. Like, I found a little extra money and an account I didn't know I had. like ah we're doing this right. So um I got a I got a call from a mutual friend uh and or a text and he's like can you and I kind of told him what I was doing and he was basically said you sure you want to think like you might want to think about that. So I'm like son of a So I I like drive all the way down there and I'm like and I pretty much talked myself out of it. Um, I did go and test ride it. It I I I still want it, but that kind of investment is that's a that's that's an investment. It's an investment. It is. But I found a cool fun new restore.

And uh, by nature, it's a BMX that comes with slicks or should have slicks. But I did, you know, I said screw it and I put knobbies on it or I'm putting knobbies on it right now. Um, I think I sent you the picture, but that F1, that Diamondback Formula One, the F1 geared bike. That was nice. Yeah, that's my that's my latest restore, man. That's fun. And uh, so I'm I kind of I'm kind of joking with a buddy. I was like, "Hey, we got to take this out to Coleman and get this on the track once it's ready." Uh, just for why not, right? Yes. When's the last time you went to Coleman? Uh not since that last time I saw you. Okay. Yeah. So that uh trying to get updates. Yeah. No, it's still that last time that I saw you. So it's been a couple of weeks. I me itching to get up there. Um it was I had some some health stuff to deal with that kept me off a bike for a little bit. Um and I'm pretty much back in full gear and trying to get things figured out. Sounds good. Yeah, I'll see you in a few weeks. Heck yeah. Okay, perfect. Let me know when you're in town, man. Love to go out there and learn a little from you. Uh because I I'll tell you what, um working the Coleman, working with you just for that short little time I was able to work with you, man. I can't tell you the last time I had that much fun, right? I I hardly ever leave my house, etc., etc. And um when you're like, "All right, let's we're gonna put you on on the asphalt door." I was like, "Well, all right, [ __ ] it. Let's do it." Right. And um then that was fun. That was a blast. Yeah, it was a great great team we had going. We all had our little parts. It was I mean it it was poetry in motion straight up. It was we It was I feel like it was a miracle how all that happened. The way everybody came together, the money, the timing, the weather, it it couldn't I couldn't have done it any better. Yeah, that's I really could have. Yeah, that's it. It's it's awesome. Um um speaking of I guess couldn't have done anything better. If if you would reflect I guess on that statement, um what were some of the biggest challenges that you faced getting it approved and and getting it finally brought to the table? uh minus manpower challenges you might have had uh that that that we may run into here in Litage or Warwick Township getting our pump tracks built our pump track built. Well, it really comes down to finding the right ear to hear you at the right time. Sure. It So, you're just going to have to keep repeating yourself over and over at these meetings until somebody hears you or just had enough of hearing you. Let's be done with it. Let's get it built for you. You I love it. No, we'll we'll get to we'll get to we'll get to where what happened at the la last meeting here shortly. But uh yeah, so we've I've got an update coming soon hopefully. Um so let's see here. So an update is good. Yes. Um, so with regards to the the build process, um, like the community showing up, people who volunteered, your team, that kind of thing. Uh, is there anything you'd like to point out specifically regarding that build with those people or those influencers on the project or anybody you'd like to specifically call out and say thanks to? I mean, it's a long list probably. I know. It's like you're at the Oscars, right? That's too long of a list. And everyone, no matter what you did was you could I couldn't have done it without you. How big or little your part was like, I couldn't have done it without you. Handing me a drink when I'm thirsty is so valuable. You're right. You know, you don't have to move a wheelbarrow. You don't have to shape with a rake. Just being there and being present and being valuable whenever you have to be. That's is the most valuable thing to us and how our team operates. When you look back, we need water and somebody's there with it. You guys were there with it. Yeah. You know what it reminded me of? A lot of uh back when I was in the Navy, and there's probably a thousand references for this, but it really reminded me, it put me back in the mindset of like an ammo onload, ammo offload, right? where you're going through very specific steps and each person has their their micro uh cosm of importance, but it's still importance to the entire system of getting the ammunition on and off of that warship, right? Yeah. And it's it really kind of reminded me of that and put that in my head. It was kind of it was I had a blast, man. I can't say enough about it. It's a it is a great exercise in teamwork and when you're done at the end of the day with those types of teams it it really just opens your minds up to man we can do all kinds of cool stuff here you know like so it it's yeah it that was an amazing thing it I couldn't have planned it any better I I love it man it's like uh the movie Encanto we watch that a lot around my house right now where the town's people show up and we have no gifts but we are any and uh we can do anything. So it kind of kind of got that vibe. We can. Exactly. Exactly. Just need to get together. We all need to get to them meetings. I need to get to them meetings. And I'm building right now, but I'll be home soon to help you guys. I promise. I love it. And you are doing your part as I I take great appreciation for what you're doing. and and maybe only three people listen to this recording, but maybe those are the right three people that get talk to somebody or what have you, right? Maybe we I it doesn't happen if you don't do the work. That's all I got to say. And all you need is one. That's right. Um all you need is one. But there's there's one thing there's I think there's there's probably one thing about Coleman Park that I haven't touched on and if it's off limits, we're cool. Um there was a memorial so to say there. Yeah. Would you mind sharing or do you mind sharing and I won't I don't want to share as perfectly valid answer but would you like would you mind sharing a little bit about that to kind of memorialize that somehow?

Give me a second. Sure. That was

me that was a very pivotal thing that happened in my career. Yeah. Of doing all this. Yeah. out of the 60s some tracks, you know, I never had to do anything like that or a thought I wanted to, you know, those thoughts have come in my head, but it was me like when I die, I hope somebody puts me in a jump, you know? Yeah. Take me to the BMX track. Yeah. Put me in the dirt. Something. I don't know. Take me to where the bikes are. And the kids are smiling. Um, it sounds like a dream to be honest. Yeah. So, you know, Corey Corey Martin is a legend in Lebanon. Anybody who rode a bike knew who Corey was. Yeah. Yeah. Corey was an amazing guy and he always stood up for what was right and what was true. That's what was awesome about Corey. I love it. And he always helped everybody. He helped kids get bikes. They had a flat tire, you go get them a tire, fix their chains, fix their brakes, just get kids riding. Yeah. Like a like a hero on a bike or for a bike. Yeah, dude. He was I dug next to that guy for all my life. Yeah. Him and I were kind of like outcasts. Oh wow. In our in our little BMX culture. Really? Back back then we had jumps everywhere. There was such such a crew of really good guys. FOD and Eversouls and Clay Mountain Cinders, whatever we all called it. We all had our own little gates, but there was such a great generation of guys before us. Yeah. So, when we showed up as little kids, like we had to go dig our own jumps because they didn't let us little did they know, we were fine-tuning our skills, you know. Yeah. Oh, man. We built I don't know if you've ever been to VA. Uh, I've I've spent some time in Fairfax, but that's about it. No. Well, so there was at the Lebanon VA. Oh, the Lebanon VA. Oh, yeah. I I'm there all of the time. All the time. So, across the street in the back. Yep. In in that patch of woods there, we had probably the best jumps Lebanon ever had back there hitting What was that? South Park because I'm trying to figure out where South Park was. Is it South Park? No, South Park's over in like Pittsburgh. Oh, okay. But there was a BMX track in Lebanon, I thought. or is they're just jumps. For some reason, I thought there were actual tracks. These were these were just dirt jumps. Okay. All right. Probably about a mile away from the old BMX track. Okay, perfect. Okay, now I can kind So, okay, perfect. So, that was Corey and I's thing. We're the ones who dug that. VA was very large and in charge jumps and guys were coming from all over. VA was a great great spot. I love it. Yeah, man. In fact, what's what's interesting is u to kind of to to bring things to that because I've been thinking about the situation um a lot because I you know I've been thinking about talking with you and and Coleman and all that and and and I've had my own it's they're published I don't hide my mental health issues. Um but I actually spent time in residential and uh let's see but uh well I did a residential program there at that Lebanon VA. So let's just say I know that grounds very well. Gotcha. Yep. Uh Gotcha. So it's it's awesome, dude. I love it. And I can actually imagine and see you I mean in my imagination you guys out there digging digging and building these jumps and just having a blast and killing it. We slept there many nights digging with lanterns and candles and he would always bring hot dogs and cook them over a little crappy fire. Yeah. We make it We couldn't make it too big because nobody knew we were there, you know. Yeah. Yeah. I love it. I absolutely love it, man. That's so much fun. That was great. Were you there that day when we put him in the asphalt? I was there that morning. Um, you hadn't gotten to that. By the time I got home and I don't know, like a little bit later when I checked, I saw the video, but as far as I know, I was I had already left. Yeah, it it was that was an amazing day. Very very special for for all of us that that knew Corey. Yeah, I think everybody loves what we did. It's just what he deserves, you know. Ironically, so he came in a little baggie of ashes. I forgot to take that baggie out of my um one of the pants I was wearing. Oh, no. And that that baggie came here with me and I put the little tiny little bit of remnants that was still in the baggie and the baggie in this track that we're creating. Oh, okay. I love it. Yes. And this I shouldn't say this. This tracks is probably my last track I'm going to build as like a normal employee. Oh, okay. This is one like I'll come and build all the cool ones that we're going to get to do at home and I'll do special projects that I have time for. Okay. Um, but this track we're making now in Mapleton, Utah is one of the most amazing, awesomest things we could ever create in Asphalt. And we put so much new stuff. Yeah. In this track that it it's like everybody's going to come and try to copy it. How we did. How so? If you don't mind sharing. Um, so we had a 20 foot burn that we were supposed to make. It was supposed to be a triple burn. Okay. And the triple burns are great. They're super fun, but they've already been done. So, we decided to make this 20 foot turn turkey tails. So, it's like a big ribbon of big euro rollers, but they're called turkey tails. All right. And it's just one of the funnest things you could ever ride. It's a big 20 foot radius. You just kind of go up and down like a roller coaster. And no matter what skill level you're you're going to ride at, it's going to be the funnest thing you're ever going to ride. But connected to that turn is also it's called the titty section. Okay? Uh so if you can picture a boob, okay, at a skate park, just a round boob. Uh, we got to build six round boobs together. And so because there's multiple boobs, they get called titties. Oh, I love it. Kind of like the formal name for it in Utah. Yeah. Wow. So we usually only get to build one booth. But now we get there was a whole section where there's three lanes that combined. Oh my god. And instead of making these long wide 40 foot wide rollers, we just made a bunch of boobs together. Yeah, I love it. And it is it's I can't get pictures of it in gravel. It kind of looks flat, but the asphalt's coming in a week and it's going to be the most amazing thing we've ever seen in asphalt. And I can't wait to see it, man. The other builders are going to come and try to reproduce what we did here. Love it. I don't even think we can reproduce what we did here. We we got lucky in the design. We got lucky in our capacity to change the design. And those two combination of things rarely happens. So this is like a a really lucky thing to happen for anybody that's going to ever come and ride this best pump track in the whole United States. I love it. And and did you did you ever think you would say the phrase, "Someone's going to come reproduce my titties." Um, no. I've never thought I said that, but I feel very fortunate to be able to say, and I'm sure Dylan does, too. Dylan, I hope you get to hear this one day. Thank you for all that amazing stuff we just did in the past two weeks. That is freaking cool, man. That is cool. Yeah, we are so excited for this track. As builders, we've never encountered these shapes. We've never encountered these ideas. And uh I hope everybody likes it. I love it, man. Um so, so I'm going to kind of be selfish and bring it back to Litz Warwick Township, our build here for a minute. Um, and I'd love to kind of get your take on the process, where we're at, kind of give you an overview of what um, I recall from the meeting. It was back in fe February. Uh, and and go from there. Sounds good. Awesome. So, our next wreck meeting is on the 27th at 07:30. So, I'll I'll be there. Um, and I was at the last one. It was it was interesting. Actually, I think it was in April. I could be wrong. Um March, I don't know. It's I'm terrible with dates. But um I'll be there. But the uh so so when I went in and at that the morning to that meeting, there was somebody there that looked at me and said, "You are the first person from the community who's ever showed up to one of these meetings." That's awesome. It's a good I I found that to be curious, right? That was that was interesting and and um I I'll take that. Um well, whatever it is, I I'm I don't mind Ann's Dan's thrilled. Um but I I don't mind being the person that shows up, right? I I if I can. Um so I'll be at the next one. But uh yeah, so the reception that I got there at first it was the township manager because it's you know 7 something in the morning says to me I told you I would bring this up and I said I know I appreciate it. So then I I took my seat and he he brought it up and there was a a healthy discussion about the the concept of the Warwick Township pump track. They essentially ruled out the municipal building park due to the lacrosse field and drainage. They essentially immediately ruled it out. And there's one there was one gentleman who seemed not necessarily receptive to our concept. Uh he brought up the point that he gets talked to all the time from community members about needing more field space. Um I didn't see anybody there screaming for me for more field space. there's only some guy asking for a pump track, right? Um, so that's my argument, but uh, so he did his he did his poo poo or whatever. Uh, but the remaining board members seem to be very receptive, but they I think they agreed that the municipal building park is out and so it wouldn't tie into the trail. The next thought was moving it over to Dean Sailor Park, which was my my first thought. um because there is a good amount of open space there. So with that in mind, the wreck board provided one an alternate which I'll bring up in a second, but two, they brought up they they directed the Warwick Township manager Brian Harris to what's the word I'm looking for? So to come up with a study or whatever a feasibility study a concept whatever I don't know they want to know is this a good idea for lit and the time between then and April I think is most accurate now and this coming July 27th 26th on the 27th 2026 he that we're supposed we're expecting to report then his report then. So he seemed very favorable. He's been ve he's been absolutely amazing uh with this because he you know he he mentioned before he he visited the Mckenji pump track with his kids, right? So he's he's favorable of the concept which I love. Um and I'm sure he's I'm sure he I don't know what he rides but I'm sure he rides pretty significantly a lot. But um that being said, so we're expected to hear back on that report on the 27th, but the alternate idea that was floated by someone I I don't recall who who floated it, but it seemed like it was a wellreceived concept, and if I'm not mistaken, somebody from the company uh is on the record board. I I I I don't know. I don't have that confirmed. Um but if the city doesn't move forward with the the project, they seem to be supportive of the idea of pitching it to the rock lit. And I'm not sure if you're familiar with the rock lit, but um wow of a conversation. I am familiar with rock lits and that would be the best place we could get. We could do some sort of collaboration with rock lits and get a really awesome design. Yeah. With them because their property is fully designed, so amazing, so beautiful. And we can just come in and and add to that our idea of beauty. I agree. I agree. I I think it's a tremendous opportunity for the rock lit. Um, and the community, if I'm not mistaken, they already have a trail system out there. I I haven't been out there yet. Um, and it's it I'm really excited for the concept because because honestly, my entire business model is based off of the rock lit as my primary customer. So, I'll take that as a side win, too. So, Oh, definitely. Yeah, that would that we could do something so great for everyone involved. Yeah. In the design in the design phase and getting something that just complements their property and what they got going on with music. Yeah, exactly. And um and oh, they just bought this there's a grocery store that's just closing. So, the hotel itself just bought Wiser Grocery Store right right next to them. So they're going to be converting that property too more hotel property apparently. Um so they're just they're growing like crazy. It's insane, right? And just they can offer this amazing pump track, a multi-port pump track as an offering to their elite clientele. Um and control the grounds with which it's on. So it's it's I think it's a huge win. And my goal is to at least inject myself into the process to say, "Hey, at least talk to a couple of guys that I know so that we don't turn out to be the laughing stock of the pump track community." Oh, dude, we can do such cool things. We could even make like a a treble cliff. No. So when you like look at it from the sky, it looks like a treble cliff. I love it, dude. Maybe someone from the rock will hear this and we can make that happen or some kind of note or any music and thing. Who knows, right? There's the the the the world is your oyster, right? Yeah. We just got to sit down and talk about it and make something really really awesome. Just to fit their national stage, we could we could do that. Yeah. I love it, man. And um so so kind of hearing where that update um how do you think we're doing? How how how are we as a Warwick township lit community doing in this process? My really the first meeting I think was December that I attended maybe January. Um you guys are doing great. I mean, just the fact that you're at the stages that you're at here on the east coast, it's slowly waking up the east coast to how good these pump tracks are and what good they bring to the communities. And so, you know, you guys are right on track. These things take years, sometimes five, six years I've been on projects trying to get the get the implementation of building started. So, it takes some time. We we got so lucky with Coleman Park in the with the really year and a half of serious, but um no, you guys are well on track. I love it and thank you. Um and I I apologize, but this kind of jumped out at me as a question. Um, so if we do end up going down the rock lit path, right, or if they step in to help out or they get involved or take on the project, whatever happens there, do you have much experience dealing with private organizations like that versus municipalities? And what can what are some of the benefits? What could be some of the detractors? Um what what kind of different beast might we be dealing with by going this quote unquote private rock let it path? Um the private builds are a lot better when you're not dealing with townships or counties or whenever the government buys these. There's a lot of more people you got to talk to. A lot of more hurdles you got to go over private builds or private builds. You go in, you talk about it with the customer, and you get your permits and your insuranceances, and that's it. It's it's it's a lot more streamlined to get it at a place like Rock Litics than a Township Park. Interesting. cuz I I keep thinking from a private perspective accountability and insurance and not having the protections that a municipality would have. I I would I keep coming back to that being a hindrance. Would is there any hindrance by somebody like the rock glitz uh taking this on from that insurance or liability aspect? Um well there will be a change in the insurance and liability. U but it it'll the track itself will just add to what rock lit is and draw in the money it needs to to cover that expense. Fair enough. So they are they are looking. Sorry. Go ahead. There's a worldass facility and they'll get a worldass pump track to and the artists that go there, they know what pump tracks are because they go to the west coast and see these things and they're probably like, why don't you guys have this stuff? So like that's it is the reality. I think here in Salt Lake where I'm at right now, I could go to 10 different pump tracks within an hour. Okay. All right. That's that's killer. I mean, I know we're getting a lot around here. Um, and and hopefully that dream of having a a local circuit for competition. Uh, I hope that comes to fruition in some form or fashion five, 10 years down the line. Um, but we'll see. Yeah, it's I think I I I see it. I I see it, my friend. I really do. Yeah, I do, too. And it'll be good times because the pump tracks are a lot lot nicer of an atmosphere. It seems a lot more familyfriendly. Not that the BMX tracks are, but there's there's a stress that's not there that you encounter at BMX track. It's way different. Yeah. Yeah. It's way more fun and relaxing. Yeah. When when I when I look at a track, a BMX track, I can see the intimidation. When I look at the pump track, I can still see intimidation, but it feels less and more open and like I know if I have a scooter, I could take it on that pump track. I can't take it on a BMX track. If I have a skateboard, I could take it on that paved uh you know, on that pump track. I can't take it on the BMX track. Really? Um all wheels. Exactly. All wheels. and and as I always like to point out um uh adaptive writer capabilities uh so it can be built for the adaptive writer community as well. So I I think that's a huge consideration. Um so thank you. Uh this has been great. Be before we part ways, I just kind of want to ask are do you have any parting words of encouragement for me or that I could take to the board to to help bring this project home? Oh man, you're doing great, brother. Just keep showing up and eventually you'll change the world. So I love it, man. You're doing great. I love it. Like like Ben Harper said, I can change the world with these two hands, right? Yes. I love when I can I can flip in a Ben Harper quote. Um, you know, Rock Lit seems like the perfect spot. It does. They have They We We all have an opportunity there, including Rock Lit. So, yeah, I agree. All right. Well, hey, I appreciate your time. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Uh, you enjoy the rest of your day and um, brother, I I appreciate you. I appreciate you, man. Thank you for all you do. All right. I love it. And you take care and uh we'll talk soon or ride soon. Let me know when you're in town. Yeah. I'll see you in a few weeks, brother. Perfect. Love it. Love it. Bye bye. All right. Take care.